1. bitcoin logo, btc Bitcoin (BTC)
The first and most well-known cryptocurrency has gone through dramatic rises and falls.

2. ethereum logo, eth Ethereum (ETH)
Bitcoin’s biggest rival with a key focus on smart contracts and dApps.

3. ripple logo, xrp Ripple (XRP)
The fastest cryptocurrency to date, however, it is centralised which is off-putting for some.

4. bitcoin cash logo, bch Bitcoin Cash (BCH)
A clone of Bitcoin with blocks eight times larger.

5. litecoin logo, ltc Litecoin (LTC)
One of the oldest altcoins, four times faster than Bitcoin.

6. binance coin logo, bnb Binance Coin (BNB)
A cryptocurrency that gives traders discounts on the Binance exchange.

7. tether logo, usdt Tether (USDT)
A cryptocurrency supposedly tied to the US dollar.

8. eos logo EOS (EOS)
Ethereum’s closest rival for smart contracts and dApps.

9. bitcoin sv logo, bsv Bitcoin SV (BSV)
A clone of Bitcoin Cash that attempts to follow Satoshi Nakamoto’s original vision.

10. monero logo, xmr Monero (XMR)
The most well-known privacy coin.

11. stellar logo, xlm Stellar (XLM)
Created to facilitate cross-asset transfer, Ripple’s little brother.

12. tron logo, trx TRON (TRX)
A platform for decentralising online content.

13. cardano logo, ada Cardano (ADA)
Third generation cryptocurrency trying to improve upon Bitcoin and Ethereum.

14. unus sed leo logo UNUS SED LEO (LEO)
Utility token for the Bitfinex exchange.

15. dash logo Dash (DASH)
Facilitates both private transactions and instant transactions.

16. tezos logo, xtz Tezos (XTZ)
Smart contract platform attempting to compete with Ethereum.

17. chainlink logo, link Chainlink (LINK)
Another smart contract platform attempting to compete with Ethereum

18.  NEO (NEO)
The ‘Chinese’ Ethereum that can be coded in multiple languages.

19. iota logo, miota IOTA (MIOTA)
Attempts to speed up transactions using the Internet of things and a DAG algorithm.

20. cosmos logo, atom Cosmos (ATOM)
Wants to be the Internet of blockchains.

21. ethereum classic logo, etc Ethereum Classic (ETC)
The old Ethereum blockchain where the DAO hack still occurred.

22.  NEM (XEM)
Centralised blockchain without miners.

23. maker logo, mkr Maker (MKR)
A cryptocurrency that allows people to make collateralised debt positions.

24. ontology logo, ont Ontology (ONT)
Targeting enterprise adoption and use of blockchain technology.

25. zcash logo, zec Zcash (ZEC)
Another cryptocurrency with a focus on privacy

26. crypto.com chain logo, cro Crypto.com Chain (CRO)
A token that allows cross-asset settlement.

27. usd coin logo, usdc USD Coin (USDC)
Yet another stablecoin tied to the US dollar.

28. v systems logo, vsys V Systems (VSYS)
A blockchain cloud database that also supports dApps.

29. dogecoin logo, doge Dogecoin (DOGE)
A cryptocurrency based around the Doge meme.

30. decred logo, dcr Decred (DCR)
A cryptocurrency with a focus on on-chain governance.

31. bitcoin gold logo, btg Bitcoin Gold (BTG)
A fork of Bitcoin that uses GPU mining.

32. vechain logo, vet VeChain (VET)
A platform designed to enhance supply chain management processes.

33. qtum logo Qtum (QTUM)
Taking the best parts of Bitcoin and Ethereum and mixing them together.

34. basic attention token logo, bat Basic Attention Token (BAT)
A token designed to transform the digital advertising world.

35. hedge trade logo, hedg HedgeTrade (HEDG)
Using blockchain technology to create a social platform for traders.

36. huobi token logo, ht Huobi Token (HT)
A cryptocurrency used on the Huobi exchange.

37. omisego logo, omg OmiseGO (OMG)
A project aiming to ‘unbank the banked’.

38. egretia logo, egt Egretia (EGT)
A HTML5 blockchain platform for building apps.

39. paxos standard token logo, pax Paxos Standard Token (PAX)
Yet another stablecoin tied to the US dollar.

40. trueusd logo,tusd TrueUSD (TUSD)
And another cryptocurrency supposedly tied to the US dollar.

41. lisk logo, lsk Lisk (LSK)
Wants to bring blockchain development to the masses.

42. bittorrent logo, btt BitTorrent (BTT)
Utility token for BitTorrent.

43. kucoin shares logo, kcs KuCoin Shares (KCS)
Utility token for the KuCoin exchange.

44. ravencoin logo, rvn Ravencoin (RVN)
A platform for creating your own asset.

45. nano logo, nano Nano (NANO)
Designed to be super-fast, scalable and without fees.

46. bitcoin diamond logo, bcd Bitcoin Diamond (BCD)
A fork of Bitcoin with a max supply 10 times larger.

47. energi logo, nrg Energi (NRG)
Highly modified fork of Dash.

48. waves coin logo, waves Waves (WAVES)
Supposedly the fastest blockchain where users can create their own tokens.

49. holo coin logo, holo Holo (HOT)
An alternative to blockchain which may be good for building dApps.

50. pundi x coin logo, npxs Pundi X (NPXS)
Planning to make it easier for merchants and customers to do use cryptocurrency.

51. monacoin logo, mona MonaCoin (MONA)
A Japanese cryptocurrency based on the popular ASCII art character, Mona.

52. lambda coin logo, lamb Lambda (LAMB)
Another project that plans to use blockchain for data storage.

53. augur logo, rep Augur (REP)
Decentralised prediction market platform for traders.

54. bitshares logo, bts BitShares (BTS)
Aims to solve the issue of scaling.

55. digibyte logo, dgb DigiByte (DGB)
Built to be faster and more scalable than Bitcoin.

56. educare logo, ekt EDUCare (EKT)
A multi-chain, multi-consensus blockchain for dApps.

57. 0x logo, zrx 0x (ZRX)
A platform for exchanging digitalised tokens.

58. aurora logo, aoa Aurora (AOA)
Creating a decentralised crypto-banking experience.

59. quant logo, qnt Quant (QNT)
Building an OS to connect multiple blockchains.

60. icon logo, icx ICON (ICX)
Another decentralised project to bring together multiple blockchains.

61. iost logo, iost IOST (IOST)
A blockchain that uses a ‘proof of believability’ algorithm.

62. gxchain logo, gxc GXChain (GXC)
A permissionless blockchain designed to create a trusted data Internet of value. 

63. nash exchange logo, nex Nash Exchange (NEX)
Cryptocurrency for the Nash Exchange.

64. bytom logo, btm Bytom (BTM)
Digitalising assets to make them easier to exchange.

65. bytecoin logo, bcn Bytecoin (BCN)
Another private and untraceable cryptocurrency.

66. siacoin logo, sc Siacoin (SC)
A decentralised cloud storage platform.

67. theta logo, theta THETA (THETA)
Creating an infrastructure for decentralised video streaming.

68. insight chain logo, inb Insight Chain (INB)
Aiming to establish the world's first big data ecosystem public blockchain.

69. komodo logo, kmd Komodo (KMD)
A platform for building ‘smart chains’.

70. mixin logo, xin Mixin (XIN)
Attempting to create interoperability amongst different blockchains.

71. abbc coin logo, abbc ABBC Coin (ABBC)
Attempting to improve problems related to e-commerce.

72. hypercash logo, hc HyperCash (HC)
Another cryptocurrency trying to create interoperability between different blockchains.

73. ren logo, ren Ren (REN)
Also trying to create interoperability between different blockchains.

74. verge logo, xvg Verge (XVG)
Another secure and anonymous cryptocurrency.

75. maidsafe coin logo, maid MaidSafe Coin (MAID)
Another project attempting to decentralise the Internet.

76. zilliqa logo, zil Zilliqa (ZIL)
Developing a high throughput blockchain.

77. aeternity logo, ae Aeternity (AE)
Creating smart contracts that use real-time data.

78. u network logo, uuu U Network (UUU)
A decentralised protocol for publishing and valuing online content.

79. dai logo, dai Dai (DAI)
A stablecoin not tied to any fiat.

80. steem logo, steem Steem (STEEM)
A blockchain-based social media platform.

81. vestchain logo, vest VestChain (VEST)
An open-source blockchain for smart contracts and machine learning services.

82. japan content token logo, jct Japan Content Token (JCT)
A cryptocurrency for issuing tickets for events in Japan.

83. status logo, snt Status (SNT)
A mobile Ethereum-based operating system.

84. waltonchain logo, wtc Waltonchain (WTC)
Similar to IOTA in how it wants to integrate the Internet of things with blockchain.

85. zcoin logo, xzc Zcoin (XZC)
A privacy coin that uses the ‘Sigma Protocol’.

86.   NEXT (NET)
Attempting to become the ‘next’ generation of advanced solutions for global transactions.

87. rif token logo, rif RIF Token (RIF)
Building an easy to use OS for blockchain technology.

88. ardor logo, ardr Ardor (ARDR)
A blockchain platform designed for business.

89. crypto.com logo, mco Crypto.com (MCO)
A coin to raise money for Crypto.com, has a working relationship with Visa.

90. Metaverse logo, etp Metaverse ETP (ETP)
Building a web of ‘smart properties’ where value can flow freely.

91. xmax logo, xmx XMax (XMX)
Building an entertainment-focused blockchain ecosystem.

92. enjin coin logo, enj Enjin Coin (ENJ)
A cryptocurrency for building blockchain games.

93. wax logo, wax WAX (WAX)
A platform to buy, sell, create or trade virtual items.

94. golem logo, gnt Golem (GNT)
Decentralising computing power, receive rewards for sharing your computing power. 

95. maximine coin logo, mxm MaxiMine Coin (MXM)
Cloud-based mining platform where users receive MaxiMine rewards by staking tokens.

96. grin logo, grin Grin (GRIN)
Marrying privacy with speed.

97. aelf logo, elf Aelf (ELF)
Building a decentralised cloud computing blockchain network.

98. clipper coin logo, cccx Clipper Coin (CCCX)
Aims to become the Goldman Sachs of the cryptocurrency market.

99. elastos logo, ela Elastos (ELA)
Aiming to create a blockchain-based Internet.

100. nexo logo, nexo Nexo (NEXO)
Loan them your crypto and get cash in return.